[MISC] deprecate seqan3::views::convert (#2524)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

    * `seqan3::get<seqan3::field::cigar>(record)` => `record.cigar_sequence()`
    * `seqan3::get<seqan3::field::tags>(record)` => `record.tags()`

#### Range

> * Deprecated `seqan3::views::convert`. There is no direct replacement, see
>   [SeqAn3 Cookbook - Converting a range of an alphabet](https://docs.seqan.de/seqan/3.0.3/cookbook.html) for an example
>   of using `std::views::transform` for conversion ([\#2524](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2524)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Me made `seqan3::views::convert` NOAPI and moved it to `seqan3/utility/views/convert.hpp`. You can still use `seqan3::views::convert` in the meantime, but we would encourage using `std::views::transform` instead as shown in [SeqAn3 Cookbook - Converting a range of an alphabet](https://docs.seqan.de/seqan/3.0.3/cookbook.html).
```

Can we directly link to that entry? cookbook isn't small xD
